S3 1.0 Breaking Change Documentation (#43374)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/destinations/s3-migrations.md

Reviewer: Check out your vercel preview (or run the doc server locally - check out the /docusourus dir's readme).  `*-migration` files aren't automatically added to the site.  You'll need to add a new sidebar block here: https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/blob/master/docusaurus/sidebars.js#L150-L164.  There are examples from other "Migration Guide" sections above

Reviewer: Also, this is a very detailed doc - well done!

Author: <img width="265" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-08 at 3 18 26 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/57e76ca2-87cd-455e-81ac-906ccadad476">
done

| Old field name          | New field name           | Json Type          | Avro Type                                                 | Parquet Type                                 | Description                                                                                            |
|-------------------------|--------------------------|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `_airbyte_ab_id`        | `_airbyte_raw_id`        | string (UUID)      | `{ "type": "string", "logicalType": "uuid" }`             | `String`                                     | Airbyte-added unique identifier.                                                                       |
| `_airbyte_emitted_at`   | `_airbyte_extracted_at`  | integer (epoch ms) | `{ "type": "string", "logicalType": "timestamp-millis" }` | `Int64(logicalType=Timestamp(Milliseconds))` | Time at which the data was loaded from the source.                                                     |

> | [NEW FIELD]             | `_airbyte_generation_id` | integer            | `{ "type": "long" }`                                      | `Int64`                                      | Monotonically-increasing refresh id, if applicable.                                                    |

Reviewer 2: my initial glance missed the field renamings, b/c I went straight to the NEW FIELD rows. I think this would be a bit clearer at implying that the other rows also have important information

```suggestion
| [NONEXISTENT]             | `_airbyte_generation_id` | integer            | `{ "type": "long" }`                                      | `Int64`                                      | Monotonically-increasing refresh id, if applicable.                                                    |
```

Author: Done

| [NEW FIELD]             | `_airbyte_meta`          | object (see below) | Record (see below)                                        | Record (see below)                           | Additional metadata, including change data capture info and sync id.                                   |
| `_airbyte_data`         | [UNCHANGED]              | optional object    | (from client schema)                                      | (from client schema)                         | Data payload when [flattening is disabled](https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/destinations/s3#csv). |

The `_airbyte_meta` field is an object that currently has one field:

| Field Name     | Json Type | Description                                                    |
|----------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `changes`      | list      | Change data capture info                                       |

Reviewer 2: let's not use the literal phrase "change data capture", since it's entirely unrelated to database CDC
```suggestion
| `changes`      | list      | Modifications to the data to accomodate it for storage in S3                                       |
```

Reviewer: +1, as "CDC" is a term-of-art in the data moving sector

Author: ```A record of any changes airbyte made to the data for compatibility and/or to handle errors```

| `sync_id`      | integer   | Monotonically-increasing integer representing the current sync |

The `changes` field is a list of objects, each of which represents a change to the data. Each object has the following fields:

| Field Name | Json Type* | Description                                                                |
|------------|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `field`    | string     | The name of the field that was affected                                    |

Reviewer 2: this is the jsonpath, right? or do we actually only capture this for top-level fields?

Author: I can't remember. The path is passed into the listener, but I think I just use the field name. It's an easy fix though, I'll check.

Author: Specifically this is how it behaves right now:
* any field failure at any depth triggers a capture
* however, only the field name is used

The reason for this was because it was a choice between the original name (which might be ambiguous if there nested objects with the same fields) and a path made of avro-mangled names.

The path is more informative though, and technically matches what they'd be looking at in their data lake, so it's probably the better choice?

Author: Actually, I'm going to skip on this and pocket it as an improvement. The path passed out of the json-to-avro converter is not usable, because it doesn't account for array indexes. Fixing it is a major change.

Author: https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/destinations-6332532d6893ce001c7a56a7/issues/gh/airbytehq/airbyte/43397

| `change`   | string     | The type of change (currently only `NULLED` or `TRUNCATED`)                |

> | `reason`   | string     | The reason for the change, including its origin (ie, destination-v-source) |

Reviewer 2: technically, platform could also be a change origin
```suggestion
| `reason`   | string     | The reason for the change, including its origin (e.g. source/destination) |
```

Author: I know, I was trying to be less verbose. I added it in the s3.md though and will add it here as well.

Author: fixed

* undocumented fields in object with schemas are silently dropped
* objects without schemas are serialized into a json string
* `_airbyte_additional_properties` is dropped entirely

For example, the following input schemas and data will result in the following outputs:

| Input Schema                                                          | Input Data                     | Output Schema                                                         | Output Data                          |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `{ "type": "object", "properties": { "id": { "type": "integer" } } }` | `{ "id": 1, "name": "Alice" }` | `{ "type": "object", "properties": { "id": { "type": "integer" } } }` | `{ "id": 1 }`                        |
| `{ "type": "object" }`                                                | `{ "id": 1, "name": "Alice" }` | `{ "type": "string" }`                                                | `"{\"id\": 1, \"name\": \"Alice\"}"` |

> This behavior will be applied to both Avro and Parquet formats.

Reviewer 2: probably worth (a) moving this to right after the `Formerly, objects without schemas...` sentence, and (b) explicitly stating that json/csv output are unaffected

Author: will do

Author: `Formerly, in both Avro and Parquet formats, objects without schemas`

Note: dropped fields will not appear in `_airbyte_meta.changes[]`.

### Array types

> Formerly, arrays without types (json-schema with `"type": "array"` but no `items` field) were converted to native arrays of string serializations of the underlying types. The same behavior was applied to arrays of union types (`{ "type": "array", "items": { "oneOf": [ /* various types */ ] }`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Formerly, arrays without types (`{"type": "array"}` with no `items` field) were converted to native arrays of string serializations of the underlying types. The same behavior was applied to arrays of union types (`{ "type": "array", "items": { "oneOf": [ /* various types */ ] }`).
```

Author: will do

Author: fixed

Now:

* arrays without types are serialized into json array strings
* arrays of unions are treated as arrays of mixed types

For example, the following input schemas and data formerly resulted in:

> | Input Schema                                                                           | Input Data     | Old Output Schema                                    | New Output Data  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Input Schema                                                                           | Input Data     | Old Output Schema                                    | Old Output Data  |
```

Author: will do

Author: fixed

|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `{ "type": "array", "items": { "type": "integer" } }`                                  | `[1, "Alice"]` | `{ "type": "array", "items": ["null", "integer"] }`  | [SYNC FAILED]    |
| `{ "type": "array" }`                                                                  | `[1, "Alice"]` | `{ "type": "array", "items": [ "null", "string" ] }` | `["1", "Alice"]` |
| `{ "type": "array", "items": { "oneOf": [ {"type": "integer", "type": "string"} ] } }` | `[1, "Alice"]` | `{ "type": "array", "items": [ "null", "string" ] }` | `["1", "Alice"]` |
| `{ "type": "array", "items": { "oneOf": [ {"type": "integer", "type": "string"} ] } }` | `[1, false]`   | `{ "type": "array", "items": [ "null", "string" ] }` | `["1", "false"]` |

> Now:

Reviewer 2: is this intentionally not combined with the previous table? (I'm guessing it's just too wide for comfortable reading?)

Author: Yes just too wide

| `{"oneOf": [ {"type": "integer"}, {"type": "string"} ] }`                                                                              | `Optional Record { member0: Optional Int32, member1: Optional String }`                                                  |
| `{"oneOf": [ {"type": "boolean"}, {"type": "object", "properties": { "id": { "type": "integer" }, "name": { "type": string" } } } ] }` | `Optional Record { member0: Optional Boolean, member1: Optional Record { id: Optional Uint32, name: Optional String } }` |

Now unions will be represented as typed disjoint records with named fields. For example:

| Airbyte Union Type                                                                                                                     | New Parquet Type                                                                                                                               |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `{"oneOf": [ {"type": "integer"}, {"type": "string"} ] }`                                                                              | `Optional Record { type: Optional String, integer: Optional Int32, string: Optional String }`                                                  |

Reviewer 2: should we clarify that `type` is always nonnull, even though it's generated as `Optional String`?

(... can we generate the schema as non-optional string?)

Author: Yeah, that annoys me too. The existing schema converter makes everything nullable. There's no easy way to hack around it. I'll clarify.

Author: I hacked around it. :) 

```
  }, {
    "name" : "union_with_dupes",
    "type" : [ "null", {
      "type" : "record",
      "name" : "union_with_dupes",
      "namespace" : "",
      "fields" : [ {
        "name" : "type",
        "type" : "string"
      }, {
        "name" : "integer",
        "type" : [ "null", "long" ],
        "default" : null
      }, {
        "name" : "string",
        "type" : [ "null", "string" ],
        "default" : null
      } ]
    } ],
    "default" : null
  } ]
```

But the hacks are in the old schema converter, so they can go away later.

I'll add tests for it and push the fix / update this documentation tomorrow morning.

Reviewer 2: mrrgh. this is what I was afraid of, when we started passing around jsonschema blobs between mappers  :P  but similar to everything else, I think it goes away if we have a json/avro record converter that understands AirbyteType :shrug:

Author: Tests added, documentation fixed

| `{"oneOf": [ {"type": "boolean"}, {"type": "object", "properties": { "id": { "type": "integer" }, "name": { "type": string" } } } ] }` | `Optional Record { type: String, boolean: Optional Boolean, object: Optional Record { id: Optional Uint32, name: Optional String } }` |

Where
* Only one field will always be set.
* The `type` field will always be set and always be equal to the name of the field that was set.

Following the examples above:

| Input Data                    | New Output Data                                                 |
|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `1`                           | `{ "type": "integer", "integer": 1 }`                           |
| `{"id": 10, "name": "Alice"}` | `{ "type": "object", "object": { "id": 10, "name": "Alice" } }` |

#### Disjoint Record Type Names

> The following type and field names will be used for each airbyte type:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following type and field names will be used for each Airbyte type:
```

| `{"oneOf": [ {"type": "integer"}, {"type": "integer"} ] }`                      | `["null", "integer"]`           | `Optional Int64`                                                                              |
| `{"oneOf": [ {"type": "integer"}, {"type": "string"}, {"type": "integer" } ] }` | `["null", "integer", "string"]` | `Optional Record { type: Optional String, integer: Optional Int64, string: Optional String }` |

Unions of objects will continue to be merged into a single object with a union schema. If this is not possible due to field type conflicts, an exception will be thrown and the sync will fail.

| Object 1 Properties           | Object 2 Properties             | Merged Object                                 |
|-------------------------------|---------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `{id: integer}`               | `{name: string}`                | `{id: integer, name: string}`                 |
| `{id: integer, name: string}` | `{id: integer, birthday: date}` | `{id: integer, name: string, birthday: date}` |

> | `{id: integer}`               | `{id: string}`                  | [SYNC FAILED]                                 |

Reviewer 2: I missed this in the pr review - would it be hard to generate `{id: [integer, string]}` for this case?

Author: Not hard, and an easy improvement. I *think* it's how the old code behaved, and I'd rather not add any more work at this point unless it's actually a regression. I'll double-check.

Author: Ugh, I missed that this is what the old code actually did. Added.

# S3 Migration Guide

# Upgrading to 1.0.0

## Schema Changes

This version introduces changes to the schema of data written to S3, which make it isomorphic to our [V2 certified database destinations](https://docs.airbyte.com/release_notes/upgrading_to_destinations_v2/#what-is-destinations-v2). The schema changes are as follows:

> | Old field name        | New field name           | Json Type          | Avro Type                                                 | Parquet Type                                 | Description                                                                                            |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Old field name        | New field name           | JSON Type          | Avro Type                                                 | Parquet Type                                 | Description                                                                                            |
```

|-------------------------|--------------------------|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `_airbyte_ab_id`        | `_airbyte_raw_id`        | string (UUID)      | `{ "type": "string", "logicalType": "uuid" }`             | `String`                                     | Airbyte-added unique identifier.                                                                       |

> | `_airbyte_emitted_at`   | `_airbyte_extracted_at`  | integer (epoch ms) | `{ "type": "string", "logicalType": "timestamp-millis" }` | `Int64(logicalType=Timestamp(Milliseconds))` | Time at which the data was loaded from the source.                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `_airbyte_emitted_at`   | `_airbyte_extracted_at`  | integer (epoch ms) | `{ "type": "string", "logicalType": "timestamp-millis" }` | `Int64(logicalType=Timestamp(Milliseconds))` | Time at which the data was extracted from the source.                                                     |
```

Author: fixed

| [NONEXISTENT]         | `_airbyte_generation_id` | integer            | `{ "type": "long" }`                                      | `Int64`                                      | Monotonically-increasing refresh id, if applicable.                                                    |
| [NONEXISTENT]         | `_airbyte_meta`          | object (see below) | Record (see below)                                        | Record (see below)                           | Additional metadata, including change data capture info and sync id.                                   |
| `_airbyte_data`       | [UNCHANGED]              | optional object    | (from client schema)                                      | (from client schema)                         | Data payload when [flattening is disabled](https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/destinations/s3#csv). |

The `_airbyte_meta` field is an object that currently has one field:

> | Field Name     | Json Type | Description                                                                                |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Field Name     | JSON Type | Description                                                                                |
```

|----------------|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `changes`      | list      | A record of any changes airbyte made to the data for compatibility and/or to handle errors |
| `sync_id`      | integer   | Monotonically-increasing integer representing the current sync                             |

The `changes` field is a list of objects, each of which represents a change to the data. Each object has the following fields:

> | Field Name | Json Type* | Description                                                                        |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Field Name | JSON Type* | Description                                                                        |
```

|------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `field`    | string     | The name of the field that was affected                                            |
| `change`   | string     | The type of change (currently only `NULLED` or `TRUNCATED`)                        |
| `reason`   | string     | The reason for the change, including its origin (source, platform, or destination) |

These schemas are subject to change, however any change that is not backward compatible (ie, additive) will be accompanied by a breaking change notice.

## Data Changes

> This version introduces changes to the data types used when writing to S3 in avro or parquet. The changes are as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This version introduces changes to the data types used when writing to S3 in Avro or Parquet. The changes are as follows:
```

> ### Primitive types

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Primitive Types
```

All primitive types are unchanged:

> | Airbyte Json Schema Type  | Old Avro Type            | Old Parquet Type      | New Avro Type   | New Parquet Type |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Airbyte JSON Schema Type  | Old Avro Type            | Old Parquet Type      | New Avro Type   | New Parquet Type |
```

|---------------------------|--------------------------|-----------------------|-----------------|------------------|
| string                    | `["null", "string"]`     | `Optional String`     | [UNCHANGED]     | [UNCHANGED]      |
| boolean                   | `["null", "boolean"]`    | `Optional Boolean`    | [UNCHANGED]     | [UNCHANGED]      |
| integer                   | `["null", "long"]`       | `Optional Int64`      | [UNCHANGED]     | [UNCHANGED]      |
| number                    | `["null", "double"]`     | `Optional Double`     | [UNCHANGED]     | [UNCHANGED]      |

> ### Date and time types

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Date and Time Types
```

> This change introduces [this requested improvement](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte-internal-issues/issues/8973). Date and time types were stored in avro as unions of integral logical types and strings, which in parquet were represented as disjoint records. In practice, the date and time types were always converted, making the unions redundant. The resulting disjoint records were confusing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This change introduces [this requested improvement](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte-internal-issues/issues/8973). Date and time types were stored in Avro as unions of integral logical types and strings, which in Parquet were represented as disjoint records. In practice, the date and time types were always converted, making the unions redundant. The resulting disjoint records were confusing.
```

Reviewer 3: can you say something other than "this requested improvement"; be more specific.

Author: `This change introduces [simplification of the handling of dates, times, and timestamps in Parquet and Avro]`?

| date                          | `Optional Record { member0: Optional Int32(logical_type=Date), member1: Optional String }`                    | `Optional Int32(logical_type=Date)`                    |
| time without timezone         | `Optional Record { member0: Optional Int64(logical_type=Time(Microseconds)), member1: Optional String }`      | `Optional Int64(logical_type=Time(Microseconds))`      |
| time with timezone            | `Optional Record { member0: Optional Int64(logical_type=Time(Microseconds)), member1: Optional String }`      | `Optional Int64(logical_type=Time(Microseconds))`      |
| timestamp without timezone    | `Optional Record { member0: Optional Int64(logical_type=Timestamp(Microseconds)), member1: Optional String }` | `Optional Int64(logical_type=Timestamp(Microseconds))` |
| timestamp with timezone       | `Optional Record { member0: Optional Int64(logical_type=Timestamp(Microseconds)), member1: Optional String }` | `Optional Int64(logical_type=Timestamp(Microseconds))` |

> Note: the times and timestamps with timezones are converted to UTC. In parquet, the field metadata `is_adjusted_to_utc` will always be `true`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: the times and timestamps with timezones are converted to UTC. In Parquet, the field metadata `is_adjusted_to_utc` will always be `true`.
```

> #### Time of day conversion bugfix

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Time of Day Conversion- Bugfix
```

> Formerly, for the airbyte type `time_of_day_with_timezone`, [timezones were not respected when converting](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/43019). This has been fixed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Formerly, for the Airbyte type `time_of_day_with_timezone`, [timezones were not respected when converting](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/43019). This has been fixed.
```

Reviewer 3: when converting what?

| Input Data         | Old Output Data              | New Output Data              |
|--------------------|------------------------------|------------------------------|
| `"12:00:00-01:00"` | `43200000000` (12:00:00 UTC) | `46800000000` (13:00:00 UTC) |
| `"04:00:00+02:00"` | `14400000000` (04:00:00 UTC) | `720000000` (02:00:00 UTC)   |
| `"04:00:00+05:30"` | `14400000000` (04:00:00 UTC) | `81000000000` (22:30:00 UTC) |

### Object types

> Formerly, objects without schemas (json-schema with `"type": "object"` but no `properties` field), and properties not listed in the `properties` field, were accumulated in `_airbyte_additional_properties`. The new behavior is

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Formerly, objects without schemas (json-schema with `"type": "object"` but no `properties` field), and properties not listed in the `properties` field, were accumulated in `_airbyte_additional_properties`. The new expected behavior is as follows:
```

Reviewer 3: *JSON

> * undocumented fields in object with schemas are silently dropped

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Undocumented fields in objects with schemas are silently dropped.
```

> * objects without schemas are serialized into a json string

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Objects without schemas are serialized into a JSON string.
```

> * `_airbyte_additional_properties` is dropped entirely

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `_airbyte_additional_properties` is dropped entirely.
```

For example, the following input schemas and data will result in the following outputs:

| Input Schema                                                          | Input Data                     | Output Schema                                                         | Output Data                          |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `{ "type": "object", "properties": { "id": { "type": "integer" } } }` | `{ "id": 1, "name": "Alice" }` | `{ "type": "object", "properties": { "id": { "type": "integer" } } }` | `{ "id": 1 }`                        |
| `{ "type": "object" }`                                                | `{ "id": 1, "name": "Alice" }` | `{ "type": "string" }`                                                | `"{\"id\": 1, \"name\": \"Alice\"}"` |

This behavior will be applied to both Avro and Parquet formats.

> Note: dropped fields will not appear in `_airbyte_meta.changes[]`. Additionally, n object with null or empty properties (`"properties": {}`) will be treated as a schemaless object. This is because this usually indicates an upstream source is failing to report its schema properly, and the data is not actually extraneous.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: dropped fields will not appear in `_airbyte_meta.changes[]`. Additionally, any object with null or empty properties (`"properties": {}`) will be treated as a schemaless object. This usually indicates an upstream source is failing to report its schema properly, and the data is not actually extraneous.
```

> ### Array types

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Array Types
```

> Formerly, arrays without types (json-schema with `"type": "array"` but no `items` field) were converted to native arrays of string serializations of the underlying types. The same behavior was applied to arrays of union types (`{ "type": "array", "items": { "oneOf": [ /* various types */ ] }`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Formerly, arrays without types (JSON-schema with `"type": "array"` but no `items` field) were converted to native arrays of string serializations of the underlying types. The same behavior was applied to arrays of union types (`{ "type": "array", "items": { "oneOf": [ /* various types */ ] }`).
```

> Now:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now you should expect the following behavior from arrays:
```

> * arrays without types are serialized into json array strings

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Arrays without types are serialized into JSON array strings.
```

> * arrays of unions are treated as arrays of mixed types

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Arrays of unions are treated as arrays of mixed types.
```

> For example, the following input schemas and data formerly resulted in:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, let's compare the following input schemas and data to the new expectations:
```

|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| `{ "type": "array", "items": { "type": "integer" } }`                                  | `[1, "Alice"]` | `{ "type": "array", "items": ["null", "integer"] }`             | `[1, null*]`       |
| `{ "type": "array" }`                                                                  | `[1, "Alice"]` | `{ "type": "string" }`                                          | `"[1, \"Alice\"]"` |
| `{ "type": "array", "items": { "oneOf": [ {"type": "integer", "type": "string"} ] } }` | `[1, "Alice"]` | `{ "type": "array", "items": [ "null", "integer", "string" ] }` | `[1, "Alice"]`     |
| `{ "type": "array", "items": { "oneOf": [ {"type": "integer", "type": "string"} ] } }` | `[1, false]`   | `{ "type": "array", "items": [ "null", "integer", "string" ] }` | `[1, null*]`       |

*The nulled fields represent conversion failures and will appear in `_airbyte_meta.changes[]`.

This behavior will be applied to both Avro and Parquet formats.

### Union Types (Parquet Only)

> #### Disjoint record improvements

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Disjoint Record Improvements
```

> Formerly, unions in parquet were represented as anonymous disjoint records. For example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Formerly, unions in Parquet were represented as anonymous disjoint records. For example:
```

| Airbyte Union Type                                                                                                                     | New Parquet Type                                                                                                                               |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `{"oneOf": [ {"type": "integer"}, {"type": "string"} ] }`                                                                              | `Optional Record { type: Optional String, integer: Optional Int32, string: Optional String }`                                                  |
| `{"oneOf": [ {"type": "boolean"}, {"type": "object", "properties": { "id": { "type": "integer" }, "name": { "type": string" } } } ] }` | `Optional Record { type: Optional String, boolean: Optional Boolean, object: Optional Record { id: Optional Uint32, name: Optional String } }` |

Where

> * only one field will always be set, and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Only one field will always be set.
```

> * the value of the `type` field will always be equal the name of the set field

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The value of the `type` field will always be equal the name of the `set `field.
```

Author: Not sure about putting ` around "set" -- there is not a field called set. `"the field that was set"` instead?

Following the examples above:

| Input Data                    | New Output Data                                                 |
|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `1`                           | `{ "type": "integer", "integer": 1 }`                           |
| `{"id": 10, "name": "Alice"}` | `{ "type": "object", "object": { "id": 10, "name": "Alice" } }` |

> #### Disjoint record type names

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Disjoint Record-Type Names
```

Author: Capitalization yes. It's "type names" for records, not the name of record types, so I'm not sure the hyphen makes sense.

| `{"type": "array" }`                                                                       | `Optional List`                                                        | `array`                      |
| `{"type": "string", "format": "date" }`                                                    | `Optional Int32(logicalType=Date)`                                     | `date`                       |
| `{"type": "string", "format": "time", "airbyte_type": "time_with_timezone" }`              | `Optional Int64(Optional Int64(logical_type=Time(Microseconds))`       | `time_with_timezone`         |
| `{"type": "string", "format": "time", "airbyte_type": "time_without_timezone" }`           | `Optional Int64(Optional Int64(logical_type=Time(Microseconds))`       | `time_without_timezone`      |
| `{"type": "string", "format": "date-time", "airbyte_type": "timestamp_with_timezone" }`    | `Optional Int64(logical_type=Timestamp(Microseconds)))`                | `timestamp_with_timezone`    |
| `{"type": "string", "format": "date-time", "airbyte_type": "timestamp_without_timezone" }` | `Optional Int64(Optional Int64(logical_type=Timestamp(Microseconds)))` | `timestamp_without_timezone` |

> #### Merging like options in unions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Merging Like Options in Unions
```
